Stardate 49263.5.
Captain's Log,
SISKO:
the Karemma Commerce Ministry,
At the request of
we've brought the Defiant
in the Gamma Quadrant
to a remote system
to discuss problems
that have surfaced
our recent trade agreement.
regarding
When we first agreed to use
Ferengi as intermediaries,
we did it because
we knew the Dominion
would never tolerate
direct trade
between us
and the Federation.
to be of service,
And we're glad
not a single Ferengi vessel
and I'm happy to say that
by the Jem'Hadar.
has been stopped
Unfortunately,
we have found
there is very
little profit
in doing business
with the Federation.
In order to comply with
all your commerce laws,
we have had to pay
a series of taxes and fees
that have made
the costs too high.
SISKO:
What sort
of taxes and fees
are you referring to?
For example,
on a recent shipment
of Karemman fleece,
a four percent surcharge
was added
for changeling infiltrators.
to inspect the cargo
What?!
You never know where
they might be hiding.
And a six percent tariff
was imposed
to help offset the lost income
of Tarkalian sheepherders.
Hardworking people.
You have to feel
for them.
Need I go on, Captain?
No.
I think you've made
your point.
These are the results of
the last weapons drill, sir.
These response times
are unacceptable, Ensign.
They are a little high, sir,
but not if you take
into account that...
I want these response times
reduced by
15 percent.
Schedule another drill.
Yes, sir.
( sighs )
Want one?
I'm fasting.
Today is Ha'mara.
Ha'mara?
It's the anniversary
of the Emissary's arrival.
We fast to show our
gratitude to the Prophets
for sending him to us.
Last night, there was a festival
of lights in the capital.
Sounds beautiful.
Sorry we missed it.
Something tells me
the Captain scheduled
these negotiations
so he wouldn't
have to attend.
Benjamin's never been one
for ceremonies,
he's the center of attention.
especially where
how the Captain feels.
Oh, I understand
Still, it would have meant a lot
if the Emissary had been there.
in the Mess Hall all morning
After being stuck
I'll bet he wishes he had gone.
with Quark and Hanok,
( chuckles )
Two ships have just entered
sensor range.
They're Jem'Hadar warships.
Red Alert.
Captain Sisko
to the Bridge.
All hands,
battle stations.
( alarm blares )
WORF:
The Jem'Hadar are powering
up their weapons systems.
They are targeting
the Karemma ship.
They're here to punish us
for meeting with you.
If I give myself up
and assume full responsibility,
they may spare my ship.
to turn you over to them.
I'm not about
Open a channel.
( beeping )
This is Captain Benjamin Sisko
of the USS Defiant.
or we'll be forced to...
Stand down,
Return fire!
The Karemma ship
is coming about.
They're moving away, Captain.
Tell your people
to hold position.
We can't protect them
if they run.
The Karemma aren't responding
to our hails.
WORF:
The Jem'Hadar
are changing course.
after the Karemma ship.
They're going
Move to intercept.
What are they doing?
They're hoping
that the Jem'Hadar
won't follow them
into the atmosphere.
They'd be smart not to.
That's a Class-J gas giant.
I'm reading wind speeds
of over 10,000
kilometers per hour.
23 of my people
are on that ship,
and they're going to die
because I was foolish enough
to defy the Dominion.
They're not going to die,
Minister.
Not if I can help it.
Sisko to O'Brien.
Go ahead, sir.
SISKO: I'm taking the ship
into the atmosphere.
I know she wasn't
built for it, but I think
the ship can handle it.
O'BRIEN: Aye, sir.
I'll see if we can get
more power
to the structural
integrity field.
Adjusting shield geometry
for atmospheric entry.
Transferring auxiliary power
to the forward shields.
Take us in.
Five seconds to atmosphere.
KIRA:
There is so
much interference
are practically useless.
our imaging systems
We've hit a crosscurrent.
Head into it.
We've slipped between
two thermal layers.
a little more manageable here.
Wind velocities are
Hold this altitude.
Any sign of the Karemma
or the Jem'Hadar?
is less than two kilometers.
No, but sensor range
There might be a way
we can increase it.
SISKO:
Let's do it.
Mr. Hanok,
I think it'd be best
if you returned
to the Mess Hall.
As you wish, Captain.
Mr. Worf.
WORF:
Sir.
What's the status
of our weapons systems?
The cloak is not effective
in this atmosphere,
and the interference will jam
our torpedo guidance systems.
What about phasers?
We'll have to target them
manually.
Benjamin, we have an idea.
It's a little trick I learned
during the occupation.
Sometimes we'd evade
the Cardassian ships
by hiding
in the Badlands.
Sensor range was limited,
so we learned to use
an active scan system
to navigate.
It works by echo location.
We send out a modulated
tetryon pulse,
and if it reflects off
the hull of a ship,
we can approximate
its location.
But won't these pulses give away
our position
as well?
We'd have
to alter course
and speed
after every one.
Good news, Minister.
Really?
I think I found the problem.
I made the mistake
of letting my brother Rom
execute these contracts.
Your brother?
Yes.
I'm ashamed to say it,
but he's an idiot.
You see, the Federation
and the Karemma
have very different laws
governing commerce,
and I think poor Rom
must have gotten confused
by all the legalism.
Now, I will be
more than willing
to make up any losses
you might have encountered.
In fact, I will pay them back
with interest.
You cheated me, Quark,
and you haven't
even got the courage
to admit it.
If we survive this,
I'll see that
you never work
in the Gamma
Quadrant again.
Nothing within
10,000 kilometers.
Ahead at
one-quarter impulse.
Try again, Major.
400 kilometers below us.
There's something
It could be the Karemma.
I can't tell at this range.
Close to ten kilometers.
We're crossing into
another thermal layer.
at ten kilometers.
Holding position
Major?
I'd say it's the Karemma.
From the size of it,
I'm picking up two more ships.
( alarm beeping )
( screams )
WORF:
Shields at 60 percent.
Return fire!
KIRA:
The Jem'Hadar
are breaking off
their attack.
after the Karemma?
Are they going
I don't think
they've spotted them.
HELM:
Captain, impulse
power is off line.
We're losing altitude.
Try using thrusters
to stabilize.
It's no use.
Hull pressure at two million GSC
and rising.
Sisko to Engine Room.
We need impulse power.
The primary ODN lines
have overloaded, Captain.
It'll be a few minutes.
Chief, if you can spare someone
to meet me in Jefferies tube 4,
through the secondary couplings.
I'll try to reroute the power
Muniz, you go.
Yes, sir.
( gasping with fear )
( labored breathing )
Hull pressure at nine million
GSC and still rising.
KIRA:
If we keep losing
altitude at this rate,
in less than six minutes.
the hull will collapse
Sir, the phaser couplings were
overloaded during the attack.
It'll take at least two hours
to repair them.
aren't going to let us
Well, the Jem'Hadar
tractor the Karemma out of here
without a fight.
Right now, it seems
like we're the ones
tractored out of here.
who need to be
One thing at a time, Major.
Sisko to O'Brien.
O'Brien here.
How many atmospheric probes
do we have on board?
Two.
Could they be rigged
with warheads
from quantum torpedoes?
Well, we'd have to pull
the imaging systems out
in the casings, but...
to make room
I don't see why not.
How long?
20 minutes.
You've got ten.
( creaking )
You okay?
I'm all right.
The Captain's gotten us out
of tougher spots than this.
Last year, when the Romulans
the Founders' homeworld,
tried to invade
a dozen Jem'Hadar ships.
we went up against
uh, you've told me the story.
I know, Chief,
Oh, yeah? Well, unless you
want to hear it again,
you better get down
to the torpedo bay
and start working
on those probes.
I'm going.
Janklow.
I'm going to need
a dualitic inverter.
There's one
in the cargo bay.
Right, Chief.
Hull breach on deck two.
An emergency force field
is in place,
but it won't hold up long
against this pressure.
How many people are down there?
Half a dozen in Sick Bay.
in Jefferies tube 4.
Dax and Muniz
We've got to get them
out of there.
If we don't seal off
that deck now,
we'll lose the entire ship.
Easy now.
Sisko to Bashir.
Go ahead.
The emergency force field
won't hold much longer.
We've got to evacuate
so we can seal it off.
that deck,
Aye, sir.
Let's get everybody
past that bulkhead.
Dax, are you finished?
Not quite.
as soon as you're done.
Get out of there
In about 30 seconds, we're going
to have to seal that deck.
( grunting )
Bashir to Bridge.
I'm sealing the bulkhead now.
Dax!
Hurry!
Jadzia!
( alarm blaring )
( coughing )
The force field is down.
Doctor, close that bulkhead.
But Jadzia's still in there!
That's an order.
Now, Doctor.
( coughing )
DAX:
Julian...
( coughing )
( sighing )
Bridge.
( systems powering up )
She did it.
Helm.
Take us to a higher altitude.
O'Brien to Bridge.
One of the atmospheric probes
is armed and standing by.
We'll have the second one ready
in a few minutes.
Very good, Chief.
All right, Major.
Now that we've
got something
to defend ourselves with,
let's start looking
for the Karemma.
We're gaining altitude.
How can you tell?
Oh, I've got the lobes.
You've got them, too.
It's an old Ferengi expression.
Usually when we say
that someone has the lobes,
we mean that they have
a keen business sense.
That's you.
you had me fooled.
I'll admit it--
just another easy mark,
I thought you were
through my little scam
but you saw right
and taught me
a thing or two
about doing business
in the Gamma Quadrant.
I guess I've gotten lazy.
( chuckles )
I'm used to dealing
with the Federation.
If you thought
I was cheating you...
oh, you have no idea
what I was
doing to them,
and they still
haven't caught on.
could put one over on them,
If someone like me
think what someone
like you could do.
Someone with my... lobes?
Exactly.
And I'm just the man
to help you do it.
We could become rich.
Rich beyond our dreams.
You...
are despicable.
I hate the Gamma Quadrant.
( sighing )
Sir, I have something.
KIRA:
It's a Jem'Hadar ship.
Just one?
to search for the Karemma.
They must have split up
It's about 70 kilometers
above us
perpendicular course.
on a roughly
Helm.
to course 075, mark 4.
Come about
Let's fall in
behind them.
You think they detected us?
I don't know, but let's make it
harder for them.
all nonessential systems.
Shut down
our power signature.
It'll minimize
All stop.
Program the probe to home in
on the first metallic signature
it finds.
Sir.
If it does not locate anything
within 50 kilometers,
the probe might turn back
and home in
on the Defiant.
KIRA:
What if they
or moved out of range?
changed course
Something tells me
they may be closer
than you think.
The probe is ready, sir.
Fire.
( groans )
( yelling )
O'Brien to Bridge.
Try the com panel.
Engine Room
to Bridge.
Bridge, please respond.
Save your breath.
I don't think there's anybody
left alive up there.
( groaning )
Are you all right?
I think so.
Captain.
WORF:
Computer,
lights.
Bridge to Engine Room.
Boyce and Peterson
are dead, sir.
( loud crackling )
Try not
to move.
You took a bad blow.
Get me a medkit.
are completely off line.
Bridge systems
We're not getting any power
to these consoles.
The bleeding's stopped.
There.
He's got a concussion.
Subcranial bleeding...
We need a medic.
The com system's down.
I'll go below
and try and find one.
It's stuck.
We will have to force it open.
WORF:
I'm afraid if he
loses consciousness
he may slip into a coma,
but I don't think I can risk
using a stimulant on him.
You have
to keep him awake.
Talk to him. Give him
something to focus on.
All right.
I will attempt
to reach the Engine Room
and take over the ship
from there.
Good luck.
Captain.
Everything's going
to be all right,
and stay awake for me.
but you have to try
I'm just going to keep talking,
all right?
But you have to listen.
It's very important
that you listen to me,
going to be a test later.
beca... because there's
( Dax coughing )
How do you feel?
Terrible.
That's not surprising
considering you took in
a few lungfuls
of fluorine.
( groans )
Remind me to hold
my breath next time.
I take it we're stuck in here?
I thought of trying to climb
up the turbolift shaft,
but it flooded with gas.
I've had enough fluorine
for one day.
Maybe we should just stay put
and wait for someone
to come get us.
They probably don't even know
we're in here.
Our com signals can't cut
through the interference.
Is there anything else
I should know?
We only have a few hours
of breathable air.
Thanks, anyway...
for trying to rescue me.
A lot of good it did you.
I mean it.
It's funny.
A year ago, if you'd done
something like this,
I would have thought you were
just trying to be a hero.
And now?
Now that I know you better...
a really stupid thing to do.
I realize it was just
( laughing )
Ah, you're welcome.
You're taking this
too personally.
Okay, I cheated you.
I cheat everyone.
It's business.
can get away with
You see what you
and you got to figure
the other guy's doing
the same to you.
That's not the way
the Karemma conduct business.
Oh, come on.
You can't tell me
you never padded
an inventory
or pawned off a load of
substandard merchandise?
No, I haven't.
The Karemma believe
that merchandise
has a set value,
determined by the raw materials
and the labor
involved
in creating it.
Factor in transportation costs
and a reasonable profit margin
and you arrive
at a fair price.
You make it sound
so antiseptic.
Where's the bargaining?
Where's the scheming?
Where's the greed?
Greed leads to misjudgment,
and that can result
in a loss of profits.
If there's no risk,
there's no thrill!
Your way is just barter.
If you want to win big,
you got to be willing
to play the odds.
It's like gambling!
Gambling is the last
recourse of the desperate.
Only a fool would
risk losing what
he has to chance.
Bah!
( sighs )
Commander, am I
glad to see you.
The Captain is injured,
and all Bridge functions
are off line.
We're trying to route
command functions
to these consoles.
All right. I will
take command from here.
Who configured
these helm controls?
I did, sir.
They are not
laid out properly.
the same as on the Bridge,
I realize they're not
some changes, because...
but I had to make
I need to be able
to ascertain our
status at a glance.
Reconfigure these controls
to their standard layout.
Aye, sir.
Mr. Stevens,
you will operate
the echo-location system
we've been using
to track the Jem'Hadar.
I'll do my best.
I expect nothing less.
Let's get to work.
So, I, ah, I was thinking
that we could go on
a four-shift rotation,
because that
would give people
a little more flexibility
with their time.
Th-There is a down side,
because that would mean
that every shift would have...
What am I doing?
I'm supposed to keep you awake,
not bore you to tears.
I'm sorry.
this is so hard for me.
I don't know why
I...
All I have to do is talk to you.
I mean, what do we
usually talk about?
We...talk about...
( faintly ):
work.
You're right.
what we usually talk about...
That is
even when we're not working.
I get the feeling
it's not that way
between you and Dax, or...
you and Chief O'Brien,
but then you're not a revered
figure in their religions.
I know.
You don't like it when I talk
about you as the Emissary.
That's how I think of you.
( sighs )
that's why sometimes...
And maybe
to relax around you.
it's hard for me
Nerys...
Y-yes, sir.
Tell me a story.
All right.
All right. Um...
Um, do you know the one
about the three brothers
who go to Jo'kala?
No.
they were kava farmers,
Uh, they, um,
they go into their field,
and one day,
the biggest kava root
and they see
that, uh, they've ever seen.
It's as big as a house.
"Well, that's going to make
us rich," says the oldest.
to sell it in the city.
So, they decide
Sir, I have something.
They're too small
to be ships.
They're closing fast.
Torpedoes!
Hard a-port.
I'm modulating the deflectors.
O'BRIEN:
their guidance systems.
It might confuse
Second one's still closing.
Range 100 meters.
Seventy-five...
Fifty...
( loud thump and rumble )
Wha...?
HANOK:
I suggest
we leave this
room immediately.
And go where?
If that thing explodes,
the entire ship
will be destroyed.
No. Maybe we should try
and defuse it.
I think we should wait for help.
All right, but what if no one
can get to us?
( hissing sound )
I don't like
the sound of that.
It's up to us.
Ah, there must be
an emergency tool kit
around here somewhere.
There.
must be somewhere in here.
The arming mechanism
I'm going to have
to remove this casing.
How?
There's no lock
that can't be picked.
Looks like the torpedo
hit somewhere in here.
Problem is,
we're cut off
from that part
of the ship.
Mm-hmm.
But we'll have to
think of something.
Mr. Stevens, recalibrate
the structural
integrity field
to minimize the strain
caused by the torpedo.
The field generators are
already at their limits
compensating for the hull breach
on deck two.
I am aware of the situation.
carry out my orders,
If you cannot
I will find someone who can.
That won't be necessary, sir.
Can I have a word
with you, sir?
Of course.
With all due respect,
I think you're riding
the men a bit hard.
You have to understand
they're out
of their element.
They're not
Bridge officers.
They haven't been to
Starfleet Academy.
They're engineers.
They're used to being
given a problem to solve
and then going out and
figuring out how to do it.
What are you suggesting?
Well, give them
a little slack.
Ease up on the reins.
Let them do what
they're good at
and give them a little
encouragement now and then.
I will take it
under consideration.
I'm so cold.
These walls aren't
that well insulated.
It's going
to get even colder.
Come here.
Better?
( chuckles )
What?
Just remembering something.
Tell me.
When I first got
to the station,
I used to have this fantasy
that you and I went off
on a runabout together
on some mission.
Something went wrong
with the ship
and we ended up
drifting around for a few days
until they sent someone
to rescue us.
If you don't mind
my saying, Julian,
that's a very
strange fantasy.
It seemed the only way
that you and I could spend
any time alone together.
You were always avoiding me.
Oh, it's just that...
you came on so strong.
You never really
gave me a chance
to get to know you.
Well, you're right.
I didn't.
Well, don't worry, Jadzia.
It's been a long time
since I had
that particular fantasy.
Oh?
You sound disappointed.
Julian!
That's right.
You enjoyed being chased
and now you miss it.
That's preposterous,
and if you start
chasing after me again...
Oh, don't worry, Jadzia.
Now I know you liked it,
I don't need to, do I?
( both shivering )
I require your assistance.
I need a weapon.
We still have one
atmospheric probe.
No, if my plan is going to work,
the probe will not be available.
I need something else.
The phasers are
out of the question.
The emitters are
completely fused.
But the phaser
generator's
working fine.
The deflector array.
MUNIZ:
With a few modifications,
we could use it
as a phaser emitter.
It might not be
what you have in mind, sir.
And there is one problem.
It will overload
after the first shot.
I only need one shot.
How long will it take you
to make the modifications?
20 minutes?
Ten if we bypass
the safeties.
Proceed.
I think we should route
the generator output
through the secondary
power grid.
We'll have to recalibrate
the ODN manifold.
That'll overload
the whole system.
What a mess.
Ah, we'll worry
about that tomorrow.
STEVENS:
Yeah, that's easy
for you to say.
It's your day off.
Don't count on it.
...so the three brothers
started arguing
about how to divide the money
for the kava root.
that, uh, he should get more
The oldest said
because it was his idea
to sell it
in the city,
and the
youngest objected,
the one to till the...
saying he was
This can't happen!
You can't die!
You're the Emissary.
There's still so much
for you to do.
the right thing to do or not,
I don't know if this is
but I'm going to give
you a stimulant.
Captain...
I know my beliefs
make you uncomfortable
around me sometimes,
you keep me at arm's length.
and... maybe that's why
about that right now,
But I don't care
and I am going to pray,
because I don't know
what else to do.
and I can't let that happen.
I'm losing you,
Jia'kaja
tre'nu'tol'a rem...
La'por i'lanu kos...
I'nar tan'a'tali nor...
Everything's
ready, sir.
We can target
the deflector from here.
Good work.
Take your posts.
Mr. O'Brien.
Nothing within
scanning range, sir.
The Jem'Hadar are out there.
You can be certain of that.
Gently!
All right.
Now... what?
One of these diodes
connects the warhead
to the power source.
The other one
is the firing
mechanism.
How do you know that?
I saw a design schematic once.
Where?
At the Ministry of Trade
on Karemma.
We sell these torpedoes
to the Jem'Hadar.
I thought
you said
substandard merchandise?
you never sold
to explode on impact, wasn't it?
This was supposed
offer them a refund.
Maybe I should
( laughing )
( hissing )
We'd better
do something
about this
torpedo of yours.
We have to remove
the firing diode...
only I don't know
which one it is.
And if we pick the wrong one,
we die!
Oh... it's not funny.
to pick the right one.
We just have
It's fifty-fifty.
Better odds than you get
at the dabo table.
Dabo?
Yes. It's a game.
If we get out of this,
I'll teach it to you.
Choose one.
How?
It's a gamble.
Go with your instincts.
You're thinking too much.
You just have
to reach in and...
pick one!
Ooh! Oh, oh.
( gasping )
I think we have a winner.
( panting )
That was... exciting.
Feels good, doesn't it?
Yes!
That's how it works.
The bigger the risk,
the bigger the win.
Yes.
( laughing )
You know...
there's another risk
you could take.
Staying in business with me.
You never give up, do you?
No.
I tried to cheat you and I lost,
I'm going to give up the game.
but that doesn't mean
Come on, Hanok.
What do you say?
You want to keep playing?
Bolian currency fluctuations.
Let's talk about those
Jia'kaja, tre'nu'tol'a rem...
La'por i'lanu kos...
I'nar.
Jia'kaja, tre'...
Major...
Yes, Captain?
What happened?
The Jem'Hadar hit us pretty bad,
to the Engine Room...
and Worf went down
No, no, no.
to the three brothers?
What happened
They... gave all the money away
to the farm where they belonged.
and went back
( sighs )
It's good.
Major...
Sir?
Tell me another story.
I'd love to, sir.
I've got
something, sir.
It's the Jem'Hadar.
They've locked on
to the tetryon pulse.
Stand by, Mr. Stevens.
Now.
we find the Karemma
What do you say
and get out of here?
Defiant Log, supplemental.
WORF:
repairing the ship's systems
Damage control teams are
to injured crew members.
and medics are tending
ship deep in the atmosphere
We have located the Karemma
and are moving to assist.
will have to be abandoned
It appears that it
and its crew brought back
to Deep Space 9
until transportation
can be arranged
to the Karemma homeworld.
It's going to be a levy.
A levy.
A levy?
Where do you.....?
I don't see any levy.
Right here.
Put the levy right there.
QUARK:
Oh!
Pass five.
Too bad-- you lose
half your stake.
You can either quit now or...
try to double it.
ODO:
My advice is to take
what latinum you have left
and walk away.
Just because one loses a bet
one gives up the game.
doesn't mean
Exactly.
May I suggest
placing your next wager
on double down.
Put it all on triple over.
that's a big mistake.
Oh, I think
Triple over.
Nothing personal, Quark.
Of course not.
Dabo!
ALL:
You're really catching on.
( chuckling )
Ah!
17 brothers and sisters.
Well, now...
that's quite a family.
Excuse me, Morn.
It's your turn.
For what?
Darts.
That's right.
I'm sorry, Morn.
It's been, uh...
nice talking to you.
Thank you
for rescuing me.
Now we're even.
Excuse me, sir.
Here's the repair schedule
we drew up for the Defiant.
With your approval,
by tearing out the ODN lines.
we thought we'd start
They're shot.
It'd be easier to get
to the manifolds
that way, and then
we figured...
Proceed at your own discretion,
Mr. Stevens.
Thank you, sir.
How long will the repairs take?
16 hours.
Oh, you can do it in 12.
12-- sure.
No problem.
See?
You can give them
a little slack,
your hands off the reins.
but you can't take
The Karemma transport will be
here at 1800 hours tomorrow,
and the Defiant
should be ready
to escort them back
to the Gamma Quadrant.
Good.
Major...
it occurred to me
that we might consider
going to a four-
shift rotation.
I think the crew might
appreciate
more flexibility
in their schedules.
first thing in the morning.
I'll look into it
Major...
for the next few hours?
what are you doing
Well, I'm... going off duty,
so I thought I'd just relax.
Would you like to go
to a baseball game?
I'd love to, sir.
Good.
Meet me at Holosuite 3
in half an hour.
I'll... I'll see you there.
Nerys...
You need one of those.
the hot dogs from Quark.
You can get
Hot dogs?
Oh, he'll know.